---
layout: post
title: The Commitment and Rules
date: 2018-04-29 00:00:00 +0300
description: You’ll find this post in your `_posts` directory. Go ahead and edit it and re-build the site to see your changes. # Add post description (optional)
img: how-to-start.jpg # Add image post (optional)
tags: [Programming, Learn, Commitment, Rules] # add tag
---


### The Commitment

### Starting 1st May 2018

### *I will code for at least an hour every day for the next 100 days.*

## Additional Rules
1. I will tweet about my progress every day -> using the hashtag #100DaysOfCode.

2. If I code at work, that time won't count towards the challenge.

3. I will push code to GitHub every day so that anyone can see my progress.

4. I will update the my Blog with the day's progress and provide a link so that others can see my progress through twitter so I am publicly accountable.

5. I will work on real projects, facing real challenges. The time spent doing tutorials, online courses and other similar resources will NOT count towards this challenge. 

## Ideas to make this challenge more effective

1. To increase the chances of success, it's a requirement that you add a link to each of the day posts in the [log](log.md). It can be a link to a commit on GitHub, a link to a blog post.

2. If you get upset or stuck, read this article: [Learning to Code: When It Gets Dark](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/learning-to-code-when-it-gets-dark-e485edfb58fd)

3. If you don't know why there is such an emphasis on working on the projects vs doing tutorials or online courses, read this: [How to Get a Developer Job in Less Than a Year](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/how-to-get-a-developer-job-in-less-than-a-year-c27bbfe71645)

4. If you can't push your code to GitHub for some reason (e.g. if you're only starting to code and doing interactive exercises), provide a link to a tweet. You can think of something else as long as your challenge stays public - and you get the benefit of being committed to it and accountable for your progress.

5. Another good bonus of forking this repo -> if you haven't worked with Markdown before, it's a good way to practice.